Doc Revamp (#22)
llm-efficiency-challenge/neurips_llm_efficiency_challenge: leaderboard.md

# Leaderboard usage 

## How to use the leaderboard

> The Lightning.ai team @lntg has built us a leaderboard on Discord. This is the single best way you can make sure your submissions actually work before the submission, try to beat the unfinetuned toy submission as a starting point.

Reviewer: lntg id my username :-) (I realize now how close it is to be a contraction of lightning, but it's actually a contraction of lantiga)

Author: you landed in the right place it seems haha

You might have noticed a new friendly bot has joined the server called @evalbot  to use it

> 1. DM the bot with eval 4090 or eval A100 with a zipped file of your submission (You can also just openly message the bot but DM'ing will protect your secret sauce)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. DM the bot `eval 4090` or `eval A100` and attach a zipped file of your submission to the message (You can also just openly message the bot but DM'ing will protect your secret sauce)
```

2. If successful the bot will give you a job ID and a running status, the eval will take roughly 1-2h so be patient if you're top of queue

> 3. Once the bot completes your run it will update either the ⁠leaderboard_4090  or ⁠leaderboard_a100 channel, we will not be monitoring these 2 text channels they will be purely for the bot to post the new updated leaderboard

Reviewer: Add expectations about timing.
